hello and welcome to my for now
last gameplay come to harry call of
duty black ops
soon it is so far mono in front of three
shortly before release for me the day after tomorrow
for you probably tomorrow if he
the video a day later now
moves to a year black and quiet
really say black ops
so perfect cd was so I find
About 3g s was really almost to that
call of duty 4 pines so many
I know I'm not that man
desperate so only 4 2
They can not do that at all
must say now looks back on black
Stars really have a great game
It was a lot of fun
because seriously and yes I know some say
so ak and pharmacy overpowered I find
but rather not and yes how
said for me was really black ops
almost ingenious and now he is adapted forest
and it will be replaced by nine
three
I am pleased that meanwhile correctly
in third place but my doubts are
how big in the game
I have spoken to a few people which is
already have a few days
and yes the players so I have earlier
played a lot with those and the active ones
So somehow I'm gonna play
just like me the mosquitoes exactly
the same maps as me and those say
simply the 23 maps would be easy
a disaster
The maps would be much too narrow on poles
So the paths would be too narrow and there
There would be too much on it so much
you could almost no five meters
go straight or hang a box
just to stay like that
besides, I'll be it's supposed to be a semi
give automatic youtube
that can be very strange but now
well I think we should be very much then
play often and then judge how
I'm so looking forward to the game
I think I play this way and that
So black ops is so good the game too
I was'm just after a year
no longer playoffs I think so
it is the same and now you are with you
ever stop a push
android I'll like to know that
what you now your expectations morning
necessarily has to sell out for you
be improved as I said black ops
was almost perfect for me the only
what you can improve improve wrap
could who of the networks that you always
so corner is fair
but well, the gameplay as good as
I try as soon as I am me
have monday mo fr 3 since a bit
paper and 830 to take up where I have to
I say and 18.30 only two
that a single club is the first
Comments will probably be tuesday
be online i try as early as
possible tuesday to show something
before that I can not legally
upload and yes it was one too
already I have a short question what
should I with my other black ops
So I'm still having some videos
such a few good scores so 20 20 14
piece about
i have one among others 48 13 44 3
and so on and you want her
happy with music gameplays two three
see weeks after release
You can also do that in the comments
write 150 i hope so please
look at people